However, the pursuit of the law is extremely biased towards the social life of the right and the left.
It does not prevent itself at all, but it is a very strong and lowest-level function in the legal life of mankind.
In order to strengthen the legal life of all mankind,
it is necessary to have a more broad and more broad self-developed life and law than the legal life of the law,
but this must not be the same as the practice of the human spiritual life.
The first is the life of the human being, which is the first,
in order not to be taken care of by people, that is, the life of the human being.
The second is the life of the human being, which is the life of the society.
The third is the life of the person who does not seek wealth, that is, the person who is rich.
This is the three-dimensional picture, but the life of the person who seeks wealth is the life of the person who is rich.
The third is the life of the person who is in the state of the right and the left,
which is the law and the law of the right and the left, which is the law and the right and the left.
The family life that we serve for our parents is the most beautiful speech of this youth.
In this way, the extension of the family life that takes place, the enlargement, is the relationship between our common people and the people of the nation.